docs(gen): tutorials requeriments update part ii (#2924)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/flask/index.mdx

installer from the Python [official website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

To make sure your Python installation is functional, you can open a

> terminal window and type _python3_, or if that does not work, just _python_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terminal window and type `python3`, or if that does not work, just `python`.
```

Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
```

> To exit the interactive prompt, you can type _exit()_ and press Enter. On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit the interactive prompt, you can type `exit()` and press Enter. On
```

the Linux and Mac OS X versions of Python you can also exit the

> interpreter by pressing Ctrl-D. On Windows, the exit shortcut is Ctrl-Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interpreter by pressing `Ctrl+D`. On Windows, the exit shortcut is `Ctrl+Z`,
```

Python package repository is called PyPI, which stands for Python
Package Index.

> 1. Optionally, if you do not have `pip` installed, launch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, if you have not installed `pip`, run the following command:
```

        app.run(host='0.0.0.0')
    ```

> 2. Restart the application using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Restart the application.
```

    app.run(host='0.0.0.0', port=80)
```

> 1. Create a directory called templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a directory called `templates`:
```

    ```
    mkdir templates
    ```

> 2. Open a `test.html` file and paste the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `test.html` file:
```

    ```
    nano test.html
    ```

> 3. Paste the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Paste the following code into your `test.html` file, save your changes, and exit.
```

    </div>
    {% endblock %}
    ```

> 4. Open a `layout.html` file and paste the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a `layout.html` file using `nano layout.html`, and paste the following code:
```

Let's try and display random Scaleway catch phrase instead of always the same one. We will need to pass both the _name variable_ and the _quote variable_.

> 1. In the `templates` directory, edit the `test.html` to match the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `templates` directory, edit `test.html` to match the following:
```

    </div>
    {% endblock %}
    ```
2. Save and exit.

> 3. In the application called `hello.py` update the configuration to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the application called `hello.py`, update the configuration to look like the following:
```

    As you can notice, we updated the `quotes` variable with an array of multiples quotes. These can be accessed as quote[0], quote[1], quote[2] and so on. The function **randint()** returns a random number between 0 and the total number of quotes, one is subtracted because we start counting from zero.

    We also added a **locals()** function which always returns a dictionary of the current namespace.
4. Save and exit.

> 5. Run the application `hello.py`. It will return one of these quotes at random.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the application `hello.py`.
```
